created by Andrew Durkee, music from www.bensound.com

CONTROLS:
 - press escape to exit game / return to start menu
 - use "F" key to toggle full/windowed screen

 - while playing, move cursor with mouse
 - click to select, release to submit selection
   (I'll explain the above in more detail later)


I wanted to make a game about trying to describe something illusory.
The struggle to convey a thought, a sensation, or any vague idea.

I often find that the in the journey to represent something, 
there will always be some change in translation.  It is also 
inevitable that the original inspiration will irreversibly change, 
turning the whole practice into a sort of dissection.  It is a
process that can require great strength, while demanding to be 
held with reverence.
It seems like this is something we never really get away from, whether
we know it or not. I hope to show the way we might pursue this over 
our lives, at different ages, and with different amounts of luck.

I hope you find it worth your time :)












------WAIT! -------------------------------------------------------------
BEFORE READING ABOUT THE GAME DETAILS, I RECOMMEND PLAYING THE
GAME AT LEAST ONCE





___ELEMENTS___
I made the floating red dots to represent the object of description / inspiration.
These dots, which I will call "clouds", all vary in size, movement speed, and
all brief to long lifespans.  These appear on their own, with no choice of our own
(I think all ideas are like that on some level).

The "stars" represent a means of communication / expression.  I best like to 
think of then as words, alone or in a sentence.  These sometimes appear randomly, 
especially at the start, and they always start somewhat small: it is up to you to 
develop them, lest they dissapear.

At some point, a score system will appear in the form of total points earned on a 
scoreboard, and of icons showing the position and number of points earned.  Points 
are earned by making connections between the stars and clouds.  The amount of 
points earned depends on other variables which I'll talk about later.

___RULES___
When moving the cursor over a star (while clicked), a recticle appears over the star.
Several stars can be selected at once, and while doing so, lines will be drawn between 
them.  I like to think of this as if I'm looking for descriptive words in my head.
When the mouse key is released, the selection of stars is "expressed" (or "spoken").

Points are earned when stars that are selected (or the center thereof) are within the
bounds of a cloud.  When this happens, The stars involved grow slightly, while the 
cloud(s) lose visibility, and may eventually dissapear.  If there is a scoreboard, 
points will be earned.  I think of this as describing something closely enough to 
do it some justice.  In doing this, the "word" might gain value.  When the cloud
starts to dissapear, I want to show how expressing something changes the idea itself.

When multiple stars are submitted, a fragile new star is created at the center of the 
others used, like how language has a tendency to condense commonly used phrases.

The number of points gained is lessened when multiple stars are present, favoring 
using the most concise selection possible (this may be more of a personal bias).

___TIMELINE___
Events change slightly over the course of the game.  In the beginning, stars are few
and rarely learned, while a torrent of new sensation arises.  Later on, the storm 
settles down, and stars appear more often.  As we adjust to life, we start to make
connections with language.

Soon after this, a point system is introduced.  Much of our success, especially later
in life seems to be determined from our ability to communicate.

Later in life, one's focus may turn more from the world as it is experienced, to one's 
concepts of it.

In the end, one might let go, and see the world as one first did.



